of the board of trustees uh anyone following along on the internet can follow along at
www.youtube.com slash user slash go apcc uh i want to welcome everyone to our meeting
and uh bell can you call it a roll call please mr mendez here miss not here here mrs roberts
here mr harridan here mrs mulligan will join the meeting later dr graham and mr upster will not be
present okay section four open forum there is none item section five discussion and action items
item 5.1 discuss and take possible action regarding the president's employment agreement
and compensation we're going to execute a session yes sir we could do so under section 551.074 the
the Texas government code to discuss this personnel machine.
All right.
Let's go into executive session.
Six.
The Board of Trustees may conduct an executive or closed session
pursuant to Chapter 551 of the Texas government code
for one or more of the following reasons.
One, consultation with its attorney to seek or receive legal advice
or consultation regarding pending or contemplating
or consideration of specific personnel matters.
Five, discussion about security, personnel, or devices.
or six, discussion of certain economic development matters.
The board may also announce that it will go into executive session
on any item listed on this agenda
if the subject matter is permitted for a closed session
by provision of Chapter 551 of the Texas Government Code.
Any vote regarding these items shall be taken in open session.
The time is now 2.44, and the board is in executive session.
Okay.
Executive session.
Belle, can you read 5.1, please?
Sure.
Item 5.1, discuss and take possible action regarding the Preliminates Employment Agreement and compensation.
No action will be taken, and we are adjourned.
Thank you for your patience as I made my way out.
No, thank you.
Thank you.
Our mics were off, so we might.
No, they were on.